readme.md, before:

POP Buffer Demo
===============

This is a sample implementation for thePOP Buffer introduced by the team of X3DOM in 2013. It consists of a simple WebGL renderer and a small writing component that creates POP Buffer binaries from obj files.

POP Buffer: 
http://x3dom.org/pop/

X3DOM: 
https://github.com/x3dom 
http://x3dom.org


License
-------

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2016 Benjamin Hättasch and X3DOM

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Updated README to reflect that this is currently WIP

readme.md, after:

POP Buffer Demo
===============

This is a sample implementation for the POP Buffer introduced by the team of X3DOM in 2013. It consists of a simple WebGL renderer and a small writing component that creates POP Buffer binaries from obj files.

Attention: This is currently **Work in Progress**. The implementation currently **does not fullfill the specification of the pop buffer**.

POP Buffer: 
http://x3dom.org/pop/

X3DOM: 
https://github.com/x3dom 
http://x3dom.org


License
-------

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2016 Benjamin Hättasch and X3DOM

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
